This is a job that we will build.
This is the homepage.
This is the login page and this is the register page.
Let's try to register a user now.
So create this user.
When I submit, I will get redirected to the login page.
Now I have two options when I try to log in, so I will try the first one.
No, it is asking us to put the authenticator code so we will use two factor authentication in this
course.
I scanned it with my phone and now I will put the correct value and know I am logged in.
We will log in via access and refresh tokens.
If I check the application console, we will see here refresh token, which is a step only.
And if I refresh, we will see that we are requesting the user.
We are not getting the first time.
We are using the refresh endpoint to refresh our access token and we are getting the authenticated user.
So we are using also access and refresh tokens.
We can log out and we will log in again, but this time we will log in with our Google account and that's
it.
I'm logged in with my own account, so the name and surname is different and that's it.
We will log in via two factor authentication.
We will logging via our Google account end in case you want to change your password and it also forgot
password functionality.
So I'll change the password of this user that I created.
I'll submit and we will send an email and we will open the software to receive emails.
And as we can see we received an email here.
I'll click this email and I'll click this button to reset our password and we will get redirected to
a new page where we can reset our password.
I will put a one character password and submit and it is successful.
Now when I login with my previous user, I will use this one character password and it is successful.
Not that the second time that you are logging in, we are two factor authentication.
We will not display the QR code because it is already stored in your phone.
So I'll put the correct code here.
643914 and I'm successfully logged in.
So this is the app that we will build.
If you are interested in building this up, consider taking this course.
Thank you.